How to bypass "Ban evade detected" on Roblox – Does It Work? Try and See for Yourself!

For years and years, I have been playing Roblox and discovering many things along the way, but that's not the point here. Today, I will tell you how to bypass "Ban evade detected" on Roblox. Does it work? Test it and find out for yourself.

⚠️ Important Notice ⚠️
Once you are banned, you will not be able to recover your account. You can only use another account to avoid being banned again. Also, after being banned, when you log into the game and see the ban screen, repeat the process and never enter the game where you were banned again to prevent it from happening again.

Steps to Follow
1️⃣ (Optional) First, log out / sign out of all your accounts ROBLOX (Microsoft Store, web, etc. ONLY ROBLOX) and make sure Roblox is completely closed.

2️⃣ On the Windows search bar, type "Disk Cleanup", select everything, clean bla bla bla, ok, select everything again and press ok to start the process.

3️⃣ Press Windows + R or search for "Run" in the Windows search bar, then type "temp" and delete everything in the folder.

4️⃣ Log into another account and enjoy your gameplay!

⚠️ This is for people who were unfairly banned.



--------------------------------------PT/BR-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------




Como burlar o "Ban evade detected" no Roblox – Funciona? Teste e veja por si próprio!

Por anos e anos, eu joguei Roblox e descobri várias coisas pelo caminho, mas isso não vem ao caso. Hoje, irei dizer como burlar o "Ban evade detected" no Roblox. Funciona? Teste e veja por si mesmo.

⚠️ Aviso Importante ⚠️
Depois de ser banido, você não poderá recuperar sua conta. Apenas poderá usar outra para evitar levar outro ban. Além disso, após ser banido, quando entrar no jogo e ver a tela de banimento, repita o processo e nunca mais entre no jogo onde foi banido para evitar que aconteça novamente.

Passos a Seguir
1️⃣ (Opcional) Primeiramente, saia de todas as suas contas ROBLOX (Microsoft Store, web, etc. DO ROBLOX) e tenha certeza de que o Roblox está fechado.

2️⃣ Na barra de pesquisa do Windows, digite "Limpeza de Disco", selecione todas as caixas, clique em limpar arquivos do sistema, ok, selecione tudo de novo e clique em ok.

3️⃣ Pressione Windows + R ou pesquise "Executar" na barra de pesquisa do Windows, digite "temp" e apague tudo da pasta.

4️⃣ Entre em outra conta e aproveite sua gameplay!

⚠️ Isso é para pessoas que foram banidas injustamente.
